document Tidal and vsphere password encryption (#187)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/tidal tools/getstarted.md

#### Configuration file

Alternatively, you can use the `tidal config` command to manually set your
credentials.

> It is  Configuration file is not encrypted.

Reviewer: grammars

Author: That line is no longer needed. Thanks for picking that up. 
```suggestion
```

  password: my_secure_password_here
  url: https://my_instance_name_here.tidalmg.com
```

> {% include note.html content="Your configuration file is not encrypted. Only your Tidal Migrations password and vSphere password are encrypted using AES 256 bit encryption." %}

Reviewer: consider starting with and emphasizing the positive.

```suggestion
{% include note.html content="Your Tidal Migrations password and vSphere password are encrypted, using AES 256 bit encryption when stored in the configuration file. The other parts of the configuration file are not encrypted." %}
```
